The goal of this code was to create a basic game of hangman! To start, I imported random to be able to choose a random word from a list of words (when I did not do this, when I used random.choice it would not run and I'd get an error about random not being defined). The next cell welcomes the user to the game and asks for their name. Cell 3 creates the word bank for the games of hangman. Cell 4 is where the gameplay code begins. In lines 3-5 I set up the game by having a random word from the word bank be chosen (this word is not given to the user unless they guess the word correctly). I create a bank for letters that were guessed and set the amount of wrong guesses allowed before the game is over. Line 7 starts the loop that continues until the user runs out of guesses or they guess the word. Lines 8-14 sets up the game to input dashes for each character in the randomly chosen word. Lines 16 and 17 mark the beginning of the game. It tells the user to begin guessing letters and letting them know how many guesses they have. Line 18 marks where the user would input their guesses. Lines 19-29 sets the path python takes as the user makes guesses. Lines 19 and 20 are for if the user guesses a letter they had already guessed. It does not decrease from their number of guesses and informs them they had already used this letter. Lines 21-24 tells python what to do if the user guesses a letter thats in the word. I alter their input to make sure python reads it as a capital letter since the chracters in all the words are all capital. After determining if the letter is in the word, it adds the letter to the list of guessed letters. Lines 26-29 tells the user the letter they chose isn't in the word and adds that letter to the guessed letter list. Lines 32-37 mark the end conditions. If the user guesses all the letters before they run out of guess attempts they win the game and the guessed  letters list is reset in case of a repeat. If the user runs out of guesses the user is not informed of what the word is, but the guessed letters list is still reset. 
